Thank you for choosing United.
A receipt of your purchase is shown below. Please retain this email receipt for your records.
Get ready for your trip: Visit the Travel-Ready Center, your one-stop digital assistant, to find out about important travel requirements specific to your trip.
Confirmation Number:
NLY82V
Flight 1 of 1 UA924		Class: United Economy (V)
Wed, Mar 11, 2026		Thu, Mar 12, 2026
11:15 PM		10:50 AM
Washington, DC, US (IAD)		London, GB (LHR)
Traveler Details
FELCIANO/RAMONMATTHEW
eTicket number: 0162379511080	Seats: IAD-LHR 35F
Frequent Flyer: UA-XXXXX057 Premier Platinum	
Purchase Summary
Method of payment:	Visa ending in 6079
Date of purchase:	Sat, Feb 28, 2026
Airfare:	523.00
U.S. Transportation Tax:	23.40
Passenger Civil Aviation Security Service Fee:	5.60
U.S. Passenger Facility Charge:	4.50
Total Per Passenger:	556.50 USD
Total:	556.50 USD
Fare Rules
Additional charges may apply for changes in addition to any fare rules listed.
NONREF/0VALUAFTDPT
Cancel reservations before the scheduled departure time or TICKET HAS NO VALUE.
MileagePlus Accrual Details
Ramon Felciano
Date	Flight	From/To	Award Miles	PQP	PQF
Wed, Mar 11, 2026	924	Washington, DC, US (IAD) to
London, GB (LHR)	4707	523	1
MileagePlus accrual totals:	4707	523	1
Important Information about MileagePlus Earning
Accruals vary based on the terms and conditions of the traveler’s frequent flyer program, frequent flyer status, and the selected itinerary. United MileagePlus® mileage accrual is subject to the rules of the MileagePlus program. Once travel has started, accruals will no longer display. You can always view your MileagePlus account for posted accrual.
You can earn up to 75,000 award miles per ticket. The 75,000 award miles cap may be applied to your posted flight activity in an order different than shown. Accrual is only displayed for MileagePlus members who choose to accrue to their MileagePlus account.
International eTicket Reminders
Check-in Requirement - Bags must be checked and boarding passes obtained at least 60 minutes prior to scheduled departure. Baggage will not be accepted and advance seat assignments may be canceled if this condition is not met.
Boarding Requirement - Passengers must be prepared to board at the departure gate with their boarding pass at least 30 minutes prior to scheduled departure.
Failure to meet the Boarding Requirements may result in cancellation of reservations, denied boarding, removal of checked baggage from the aircraft and loss of eligibility for denied boarding compensation.
Bring this eTicket Receipt along with photo identification, proof of citizenship, passport and/or visa to the ticket lobby for check-in.
The FAA now restricts carry-on baggage to one bag plus one personal item (purse, briefcase, laptop computer, etc.) per passenger. The fare rules for your ticket may restrict your carry-on baggage allowance even further.
For up to the minute flight information, sign-up for our Flight Status Updates or call 1-800-824-6200; in Spanish 1-800-426-5561.
If flight segments are not flown in order, your reservation will be cancelled. Rebooking will be subject to the fare rules governing your ticket.
For the most current status of your reservation, go to our Flight Status page.
Your eTicket is non transferable and valid for 1 year from the issue date unless otherwise noted in the fare rules.
International taxes and fees may be collected at your departure airport.
The base price of some ancillary items on your receipt may include taxes, when applicable.
Data Protection Notice
Your personal data will be processed in accordance with the applicable carrier's privacy policy and if your booking is made via a reservation system provider ("GDS"), with its privacy policy. These are available at http://www.iatatravelcenter.com/privacy or from the carrier or GDS directly. You should read this documentation, which applies to your booking and specifies, for example, how your personal data is collected, stored, used, disclosed and transferred
Customer Care Contact Information
We welcome your compliments, comments or complaints regarding United or a United travel experience. You may contact us using our Customer Care form
Hazardous materials
Federal law forbids the carriage of hazardous materials on board aircraft in your luggage or on your person. A violation can result in five years' imprisonment and penalties of $250,000 or more (49 U.S.C. 5124). Hazardous materials include explosives, compressed gases, flammable liquids and solids, oxidizers, poisons, corrosives and radioactive materials. Common examples of hazardous materials/dangerous goods include spare or loose lithium batteries, fireworks, strike-anywhere matches, aerosols, pesticides, bleach and corrosive materials. Additional information can be found on:
united.com restricted items page
FAA website Pack Safe page
TSA website Prohibited Items page
Refunds Within 24 Hours
When you book and ticket a reservation through united.com, the United mobile app, the United Customer Contact Center, at our ticket counters or city ticket offices, or if you use MileagePlus® miles to book an award ticket, we will allow you to cancel the ticketed reservation without penalty and receive a 100 percent refund of the ticket price to the original form of payment if you cancel the reservation within 24 hours of purchase and if the reservation is made one week or more prior to scheduled flight departure.
Disinsection Notice
Certain countries require that the passenger cabins of aircraft be treated with insecticides. For additional information and a list of those countries, please visit the U.S. Department of Transportation's disinsection website.
IMPORTANT CONSUMER NOTICES
Changes/Cancellations - Most tickets, other than Basic Economy tickets or those for travel originating outside the United States, other than for travel between the United States and Mexico or the Caribbean, may be changed to a different itinerary, or cancelled and the value of the ticket retained so that it can be applied to a new ticket, without a change fee. Such change or cancellation must be made prior to the scheduled departure time. Travelers making changes will be responsible for the fare difference if the new itinerary has a higher fare than the original ticketed itinerary. Regarding non-refundable tickets, if the new itinerary has a lower fare than the original ticketed itinerary, changes can be made without charge, but the traveler is not entitled to any residual value. United may, in its sole discretion, provide partial or full residual credit under certain circumstances. A change fee may apply for changes or cancellations made to tickets for travel originating outside the United States, other than for travel between the United States and Mexico or the Caribbean. Policies concerning your ability to make reservation changes and cancellations and any fees associated with such changes can be found at Important travel notices | United Airlines.

Refund Information - You can request a refund by visiting the Refunds section on united.com. We apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused. A member of our team will respond to your inquiry.